Charts: Update range property topics (#7605)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxRangeSelector/1 Configuration/value/value.md

        </DxRangeSelector>

    ##### React

        <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
        <RangeSelector>
            <RangeSelector value={[50, 70]} />
        </RangeSelector>
        <!-- Open-ended range -->
        <RangeSelector>
            <RangeSelector value={[null, 70]} />
        </RangeSelector>

    ---

- **An object with the [startValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSelector/Configuration/value/#startValue) and [endValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSelector/Configuration/value/#endValue) fields**    

    An alternative to the two-item array.

    ---

    ##### jQuery

        <!-- tab: index.js -->
        $(#rangeSelector).dxRangeSelector({
            value: { startValue: 50, endValue: 70 }
        })
        // Open-ended range
        $(#rangeSelector).dxRangeSelector({
            value: { startValue: null, endValue: 70 }
        })

    ##### Angular

        <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
        <dx-range-selector [value]="{ startValue: 50, endValue: 70 }" ></dx-range-selector>
        <!-- Open-ended range -->
        <dx-range-selector [value]="{ startValue: null, endValue: 70 }" ></dx-range-selector>

    ##### Vue

>     The following code snippet demonstrates **value** defined as a `<DxRangeSelector>` property:

Reviewer: For my understanding, if startValue and endValue are fields, what exactly is "value"? Is it an attribute?

Author: Yeah on second thought attribute is far more accurate in this context, I will update the text.

Reviewer: Thank you!

        <!-- tab: App.vue -->
        <DxRangeSelector :value="{ startValue: null, endValue: 70 }" />
        <!-- Open-ended range -->
        <DxRangeSelector :value="{ startValue: null, endValue: 70 }" />

    The following code snippet demonstrates **value** defined as a `<DxValue>` selector:

        <DxRangeSelector>
            <DxValue startValue="50" endValue="70" />
        </DxRangeSelector>
        <!-- Open-ended range -->
        <DxRangeSelector>
            <DxValue :startValue="null" endValue="70" />
        </DxRangeSelector>

    ##### React

    The following code snippet demonstrates **value** defined as a `<RangeSelector>` property:

        <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
        <RangeSelector value={{ startValue: null, endValue: 70 }} />
        <!-- Open-ended range -->
        <RangeSelector value={{ startValue: null, endValue: 70 }} />

>     The following code snippet demonstrates value defined as a `<Value>` selector:

Reviewer: Should bold font be applied to "value" (similar to the lines above)?

Author: Yes, seems like I missed bold formatting in a couple of spots. Thank you for noticing!

        <!-- tab: App.vue -->
        <DxRangeSelector :value="{ startValue: 50, length: 20 }" />
        <!-- or -->
        <DxRangeSelector :value="{ endValue: 70, length: 20 }" />

    The following code snippet demonstrates **value** defined as a `<DxValue>` selector:

        <DxRangeSelector>
            <DxValue startValue="50" length="20" />
        </DxRangeSelector>
        <!-- or -->
        <DxRangeSelector>
            <DxValue endValue="70" length="20" />
        </DxRangeSelector>

    ##### React

    The following code snippet demonstrates **value** defined as a `<RangeSelector>` property:

        <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
        <RangeSelector value={{ startValue: 50, length: 20 }} />
        <!-- or -->
        <RangeSelector value={{ endValue: 70, length: 20 }} />

    The following code snippet demonstrates **value** defined as a `<Value>` selector:

        <RangeSelector>
            <Value startValue="50" length="20" />
        </RangeSelector>
        <!-- or -->
        <RangeSelector>
            <Value endValue="70" length="20" />
        </RangeSelector>

    ---

>     If you specify only **length**, the component implements the largest scale value as **endValue**.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "implements" in this context? For example, would it be technically correct to say something like:

`If you specify only **length**, the component sets the largest scale value to the **endValue** value.`

Author: If you specify only **length**, the component will behave as if **endValue** is specified as the largest scale/axis value.  I kind of wanted to word it as if the component adds the **endValue** property to this configuration object. I aggree with your suggestion though, as it is more straightforward. I would only like to suggest rewording it to avoid the "value to the endValue value" bit at the end:
```suggestion
    If you specify only **length**, the component defines the **endValue** property as the largest scale value. 
```

Reviewer: Sounds good, thank you.
